I will being to keep a journal , time seems to be crashing at me. it make me sad. fuck I am . for the last time i need to start acomplishing things. is really never to late until you die but still i need to start acomplishing stuff. 
I want to do an mba. im not to old for it. im pretty. but i would like to manage to do it next. year. this quite fucking unlikelly. by the end of this year i will 29 by next year i will 30. fuck . 1 year and less than a half. still almost all the time i was lying and travelling the world. that time did feel like forever. ideally i should be able to start next year. somehow. fuck should have done this last year. shit. ok anyhow lest start now. even if we dont manage after 30 is not to bad. 
1. find out requirements for some mba
	1. yale
	2. penn university
	3. something in nyc
	4. pennstate
	5. harvard?
2. find fastest way to do collegue 
	1. test instead of stuff
	2. regular lying
	3. lying + hacking?. jesus fuck . I been having this as backup since the first fuking semester at penn nearly a fucking year ago. perphaps is inteselly unrealistic and stupid
maybe go to the doctor about head stuff. might simply five me peace of mind . 
why do i want to go to an mba? want to do social stuff want to date want to see people. pennsate 2.0 should have thought about it before. ? why didnt i think this before . fuck . shoudl have realized a year is a non amount of time. 2 years is a also not much. lets also think about other paths. im old  i wasted my 20s i wont my 30. lets learn  an be smart
