Need money , maybe move to Philly, first time invited to a party since i was 25, fuck . Kinda sad I'm gonna miss it and there is nothing i can do about it.  hence need money . 
***
- [ ] learn English/american accent
- [ ] make shortcut fix spelling mistakes obsidian. til then ignore all spelling errors.
- [ ] draw and paint 
	- [ ] draw a comic
	- [ ] make a painting of José de La Mar
- [ ] piano songs
- [ ] harmonica
- [ ] should also make a schedule
- [ ] organize all files from all backups
- [ ] gym, set goals and find out how
- [ ] write book
- [ ] learn photoshop to make images for tinder profile
- [ ] loona robot just becouse
- [ ] beam robot
***
i do want to do the college thing, i will be fucking 30 but still might have some life from that. still moving to Philly to social . i want that. I am quite lonely. OK so how do we make money . i think 27 was the last time i remember feeling comfortably young , should meditate on that to be OK with getting older. 
OK so money , right now there is a possible maybe money problem , 1. Florence, bitch wants to monetize me , i don't have the funds from that, need to have talk with her. 2 . I'm  250$ short of making rent for stupid machine , god the one in cuenca makes 500 in a single day , mine at most maybe made 240 , now lucky if 100 in a Sunday. ok which avenues do i have to make money ideally 2000 dollars to spend a minute in Philly, really don't want to lie to parents about it , I'm quite tired of lying. cant believe i lied about losing flights to stay more time socializing god i suck 
***
- [ ] [[Translogistica Macias]] 
-  he might not give me any money. 
- it does actually cost money right now, lets calculate how much 
- tedious
-  maybe immediate money
- [ ] **[[Dev Portfolio]] and therefore becoming a proper developer**
- there is a chance i hate full stack development, i get bored
- hard to get clients
- advertisement
- don't have any clients right now
- [ ] [[Waiter Robot]]
- quite unrealistic
- have to convince the mall to not charge me and the the shops to hire mi robot
- 1k a month per robot maybe 
- [ ] [[Online 3d Printing and Design]]
- advertisment is a bitch
- it requires website. 
- [ ] **DropShip Electronics**
- requires websites
- make list of prices for stuff in cuenca 
- maybe make an app that crawls online resources mercado libre and facebook
- could dropship other things that people buy online 
***
lets do all ? i really dont have any other way to make money other than complex thievery.
***
- [ ] foods , specifcally tortilla soup and how to cut fish fast and properly