
Ok sorry half the month is gone, that kinda flew by, thats a bit scary. i wonder if the fear makes it seem go by faster. i remember time moving really slowly when i was doing the bootcamp in philly. i mean also half the month was only two months wich is not actually that much. Im not expecting anything im just threathing the future. maybe that makes time feel faster. wich sucks. 29 feels so old. and there is no going back . that the stressfull part of time. there are no do overs. times moves forward and thats it. 27 felt like the last year of youth. fuck . and there is no going. back . 
Ok lets focus on now. i feel normal . good even . not much contact with anyone . weird i both feels times feels like it flies by while at the same time it feels like i havent talked to anyone in a while. although it has only been a couple days. maybe a week. perhaps is a matter of perpesctive. im seeing time as the empty glass not half full. im looking at the time until something happens and i see how that becouse a smaller pile of sand while in the other hand the time since something good happend seems ever so far away. 
I guess the goal is to feel better. i need to reframe myself. my point of view. in any case. i need change. and money. 
29 fuck . so little acomplished in such a long time. fuck . the pandemic really fucked with the sense of time . i was 25 and then boom 27 in like a second. that sucked. i mean some people died so that is worse. still shit. lets enjoy the last 11 weeks or 78 days. :( . I guess there is a sense of youth in ones early 30 . i hope there is. maybe if im a rich writer. or something interesting like that i can still fill young. so much wasted time. i guess is nice im realising this now. while already really fucking late. is not the latest. 
Also . lest finish fucking things we start lets waste less time watching fucking nonse