today i gave myself permision to not work on the macias thing. i mean it might not make any money so you know . and the guy is sketchy as fuck . bad vibes. there is also a chance im just lying ot myself to be lazy. honestly im just bored of the project. should learn how to setup projects . ai is gonna do this in a couple months why bother. 
in any case i should try to get some money before hallowen i do want to travel . a portfolio and then selfpromotion could help . i have a feel about the lonas next to supermaxi . could also ask dad for help the guy from the president meeting does seem promosing. i could lie again about job. i dont want to tho :/. 
i will do the portfolio and then the robot and try to get some jobs portfolio is necesary. did some excersise and had a moment of deideation today but it went away wasnt that bad. maybe it wasnt bad at all . mouth does feel funny i know is not mouth becouse there arent bones there . maybe should talk to a dentist or a bone person. a small part of me thinks the sensation distracts me from anxiety and further deideation. chewing gum does help so perphaps i need to be distracted. in any case maybe i should get some shrinking . is been long enough. although honestly the feelings are not that bad i think. 
My live is calm boring and comfortable i have no need of anything . i mean not really . i would like to travel and hang out but i dont need it. i want it. 
also been thinkin about finishing some projects. 
make a summer cleaning and then make plans . 
definetly should make enough money to visit kristen for her 30 . tho there is a large chance i wont be invited. :(.
lets make something i can be proud of . the robot thing might make me enough money to do somehting im proud of  . it would defintely reframe  somestuff. 