Im 30 , i mean i been 30 for a couple months, exactly two . got laid a couple weeks ago , wasnt great, it was very ok. I think i like the warmth of a woman. the smell. tho sleeping with her at night was uncomfortable. woke up to watch something and eat before returning. Sammie(Amelie) Monien, ought to record names better. she was cute . maybe. beautiful grey eyes. blonde hair, petite, shame her body was a bit boyish. barelly any hips. her face also almost handsome. like again like a boy. very strong jaw for a woman. Her voice tho. her voice did drive me some way. Perhaps i do have something for the german accent. She was very submisive wich was fun but maybe also anoying like jesus show a preference. tho i guess she did had some preferences. to some degree. perhaps i didnt listen that well and she just let me do as i wished. I must done something wrong in any case . she ghosted me. she has a complecated or tedious life. And perhaps i should have seem so cavalier about her persuoing women. I but in any case i havem heard from here in a week after roughly 2 atempts of contact. doubt i will hear from her again. wich while maybe even a good thing. still makes me sad. dont know what i did wrong. hence how to improve myself. and i though i did pretty good. but seems i was lacking. sadness. more anoying than deep . like a fly or a noise in a room . someone moving chaiirs a floor above you. intermitent and unexpected. ill get over it in one more week. only meet her what . 3 weekends. barelly anything really. u guess we did technically talked for like a month and  a half. wich also barelly anything. Need to go on more dates. guess in my entire life i been in what 4 dates. fake italian woman lima, mall woman lima also , park woman with the dog, sex, then fuck really nothing, till samy. no, tatoo woman cuenca, wait also walk in the park woman donuts also in lima, then samie quito. not a bad ratio i guess. is sammie the pretiest one? fuck maybe. i mean blue eyes and blonde and petite and athletic. but the otherones had curves . dog one had really miserable breasts tho. flat kind of like pankakes. wait no also quito fat one with breast reduction. that was also a miserable date. was convsation easier with her than with sammie . nope sammie was easier conversation. tho i did felt some distance with her. sammie i mean. maybe. im wildy inexperienced. 